---
layout: post
title: Soybean packages 1.6, video generation of models such as Seadance 1.0 pro, voice podcast models etc.
date: 2025-06-10 12:00:00 +0800
category: Frontier Trends
thumbnail: /style/image/1-6-seedance-1-0-pro_1.jpg
icon: game
---
* content
{:toc}

* Concent {:toc} bytes to jump under the flag of the volcano engine, release a series of new models, such as the Big Bean Buff Model 1.6, the Video Generation Model Seedance 1.0 pro, and the Bean Buff Voice Pod Model, and upgrade the AI cloud log service, such as the Agent Development Platform.

## **Fontal Large Model 1.6** The Bean Pack Large Model 1.6-Thinking Model is capable of supporting deep thinking, multi-model understanding, 256k long-term background, graphic interface operations, etc., and is better able to support complex Agent construction, contributing to the improvement of AI productivity by 81.5 points in the GPQA Diamond Test, which is currently one of the best reasoning models; the Mathematical Assessment AIME25 score 86.3 points, which represents a significant increase of 12.3 points in the multi-temporal understanding model compared to the 1.5-Escopic Soyb.** The Grand Bean Packing Model 1.6 series supports deep thinking, multi-model understandings, multi-model understandings, multi-tempactical background, 256k long-term background, graphic interfaces, etc. ** The full-scale version of the Bean Packing Model supports multi-model thinking capabilities ** that allow the Model to understand and address real world issues.

# **Seedance 1.0 pro**Seedance 1.0 pro-support text and photo input to generate 1080p high-quality video with a multi-coated and seamless transition, with a high degree of physical stability and image nature. # **Seedance 1.0 pro is ranked first on the internationally recognized rating list of Artificial Analysis. [https://assets-v2.circle.so/w44l7jpbzgqamj8o44gtr8xt4] [https://assets-v2.circle.so/wsalg0b8tn6otemexthq2hb0tq7] - ** Type of input**: Support text, images, videos, audio.

- ** Output type**: generation of video (support for Text-to-Video and Image-to-Video)

- **Resolution support**: 480 p, 1080 p

- ** Frame rate**: 24fps

- ** Length**: 5 or 10 seconds

# # Core technology bright spot # # multi-coated narrative ability**

- Progenerate support for continuous multi-camera video generation

- Adoption of multi-module location coding and unified modeling structures;

- Achieving visual consistency and contextual consistency in time and space switching.

** High-real sports performance**

- Fine data sets and incentive mechanisms based on self-research;

- Optimizing the quality of production using RLHF technology;

- To achieve high-security simulations from micro-expression to action scenes.

** Capability to follow instructions**

- Precision of multi-subject, multi-action combinations;

- High matching text description, controlling the behaviour of the “cargo mirror”;

- Video missions in support of complex narrative structures.

**  multi-style video output** supports the following style control words (prompt style):

- Paints, furs, watercolors, 3D cartoons, ink, clay, pixels, steam punks, sketches, etc.

# Billing and limit flow #

- ** Price **: $15 / million token (same price as graphics)

- ** Simultaneous issuance**: up to 10 requests per master account number

- ** Current threshold**: Up to 600 creation requests (RPM) per minute![] (https://assets-v2.circle.so/whqn9oim7686lo7h3pavralb09wm) More technical details on Seedance 1.0 pro for more details on the project home page (see complete technical report)

# **The **bean bag voice poding model** The newly released version of the bean bag voice podcast model is derived from a further expansion of the end-to-end real-time voice, enabling the scytographic generation from text creation to double-dialogue podcast work, with natural podcasting elements such as adjoining each other, intertwining, hesitancy and so forth, achieving the equivalent of real-person production.[] (https://assets-v2.circle.so/ar76izqhrmiuhsatsaatf72hvcnf) You can experience voicecast-related functions in button space. Meanwhile, the bean bun product has started a small traffic test and will soon be full-linedcaster model.

(https://assets-v2.circle.so/0djgxmym53v2k65dchpjcl1vwmbk)